# Overview

This file gives information about the routes that our whole web application will require. Currently, these are the routes we've drafted that are required for the MVP. First party routes with multiple words will be styled as hyphenated lowercase (e.g. /my-models). Third party routes (i.e. the URLs that are generated by a creator by uploading a model) are at the discretion of the creator.

Assume these routes start with `https://feather-ai.com`

## MVP Routes:

- `/` <br>
  Root landing page. For the MVP, this will be the landing page for the SDK (aimed at creators). However, post-MVP, we forsee the root landing page being aimed at marketplace users. The creator users will be able to access a landing page at /creators

- `/marketplace` <br>
  Homepage for the marketplace (NOT a landing page). In the MVP, this will be a raw list of available models.

- `/creator` <br>
  Creator homepage. Show's them the creator portal if logged in (i.e. sidebar allowing navigation to different routes). For MVP, placeholder/descriptive text about signing-up etc. Post-MVP, if they're not logged in, this will serve as the landing page for them to signup

- `/creator/models` <br>
  Information about the models that have been uploaded by the logged in creator

- `/user/<username>` <br>
  Shows a profile page and all models for the given `<username>`. If the logged in user visits their page, then it also allows them to edit some aspects of their profile (e.g. profile picture etc.)

- `/user/<username>/<model-name>` <br>
  The primary page to make inferences against an uploaded model. `<username>` refers to the username of the creator, and `<model-name>` refers to the `"name="` attribute from `ftr.Build`

## Post-MVP:

- `/creator/model/<model-name>` <br>
  Allows user to view more details about their uploaded `<model-name>` model. Primarily will be accessed through the listings on `/creator/models`.
